Add WAF Select and design infrastructure (#1579)
hashicorp/web-unified-docs: content/well-architected-framework/docs/docs/optimize-systems/select-design/database.mdx

After identifying your database capacity limits and workload patterns through testing, design your database architecture to handle your specific access patterns efficiently.

## Design to meet demand

Your early design decisions to architect your databases have a big effect on how you manage, run, and scale them as the load on them increases. By understanding what the workload on your databases looks like, you can plan how to best optimize your infrastructure and database configuration. Some examples of these design decisions include the following:

- **Indexing:** Database indexing improves query performance by trading disk storage and write speeds for faster read speeds. Create indexes for frequently read data, but make sure to test how this affects your write speed.
- **Read replicas:** Read replicas are read-only copies of your database, and are useful for reducing the load on your database if your services make many read requests. 

> - **Caching:** Caching reduces database load by storing frequently accessed data in memory. This is particularly effective for data that changes infrequently.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Caching:** Caching reduces database load by storing frequently accessed data in memory. Caching is particularly effective for data that changes infrequently.
```

- **Connection pooling:** Connection pools maintain a set of reusable connections, reducing overhead and improving performance.
- **Partitioning and sharding:** Partitioning and sharding divide large datasets into smaller, easier to manage datasets. For very large datasets, partitioning divides data within a single database, while sharding distributes data across multiple databases.

Choose optimization strategies based on your workload profile:

Use indexing when you have specific columns frequently used in WHERE clauses or JOIN operations and can tolerate slower write speeds. Use read replicas when your application has a high read-to-write ratio (80% reads or more) and you need to distribute read traffic. Use caching when you have frequently accessed data that changes infrequently, such as user profiles or configuration data.

> Use partitioning when you have a single large table that can be divided by time ranges or categories within one database. Use sharding when your dataset exceeds the capacity of a single database instance and you need to distribute data across multiple databases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use partitioning when you have a single large table that you can divide by time ranges or categories within one database. Use sharding when your dataset exceeds the capacity of a single database instance and you need to distribute data across multiple databases.
```
